# Log Book 

## Week 1 
 
 ### Meeting 1
 - Assigned Felix Scrum Master.
 - Decided Group name.
 - Decided Group Members.
 - Decided on Read Recommend.
 - Set up Github, Discord, WebCMS Group, Google Drive, Jira.
 - Decided on Python+Flask Architecture.
 - Used When2Meet to set up the next meeting.

 ### Meeting 2
 - We spit up and created our own user stories from the specification, then came back together and chose the final list.
 - We then defined preliminary epic stories as a group.
 - Allocated Tasks for the report.
 - I was allocated to perform background research on 
    competitor products and their drawbacks.
 - I thought it wise to also include the unique Value Proposition.
    of each of the companies.

## Week 2
 ### Meeting 3
 - Used Jira Planning Poker to decide on User Story points.
 - Discussed and decided upon system architecture as a group.
 - Decided on SQLAlchemy ORM as it is said to be more suitable for small scale applications with localised hosting.
 - React.js to be used for front end as it seems to be the most aligned to our existing skillsets, and a useful skill for the industry.
 - The Flask app will be RESTfull API.
 - Discussed the Story Boarding being done by Josh Nila, and discussed UI elements.
 - Reviewed Marking criteria for Proposal.
 - Made user stories individually with the idea of merging and culling.

 ### Personal Work
 - I began researching existing book-recommendation services online.
 - I discovered there were many more competing services than originally assumed. 
 - I Generated the problems solved by the solutions, in the form of simply worded phrases. 

## Week 3

 ### Personal Work
 - Finalised list of Existing services, setbacks, and UVPs.
 ### Meeting 4
 - As a group we assigned the different sub-tasks of each user story.
 - As a group we decided on the novel features of our system and added them to the user-stories.
 - During the meeting I aided with the formatting of the various sections of the Proposal.
 - I was assigned to help set up the REACT environment as I have an interest in UX.

## Week 4

 ### Meeting 5
 - We met as a group and made sure that everyone had the correct dependancies installed and running
 - This took a while, but over the course of several hours we had the React app talking to the flask-Postgresql backend, and the python setup scripts working perfectly for everyone.
 - We then allocated out the different user stories for the first sprint due next week.

 ### Personal Work
 - Taking a crash course in the React framework to upskill for the project.
